README.md, before:


# 👋 Hi, I'm Ivan Ivanov

🚀 Backend-focused developer with a passion for building **secure, scalable, and efficient systems**.  
💡 I enjoy working across the stack, from **API design** to **clean UI integration**.

---

## 🧑‍💻 About Me
- 🔭 Backend-focused developer specialized in **Java & Spring Boot**
- 🧩 Strong background in **system design** and **build & infrastructure migration**
- 🛠 Strong backend foundations with practical frontend experience (React)
- 📫 How to reach me: **ivan.valentinov.ivanov2002@gmail.com**

---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack

### 🖥 Backend
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)
![Spring Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Security-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springsecurity&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

---

### 🎨 Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

---

### 🗄 Databases & Persistence
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Hibernate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hibernate-59666C?style=for-the-badge&logo=hibernate&logoColor=white)

---

### 🧰 DevOps & Tools
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=YOUR_USERNAME&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=YOUR_USERNAME&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

## 🧩 Featured Projects
<details>
<summary>🔽 Click to expand</summary>

- 🔐 **Secure REST API** – Spring Boot + Spring Security + JWT
- 📦 **Microservice Demo** – Dockerized backend services
- ⚛ **React Dashboard** – Clean UI with REST integration

</details>

---

## 🌍 Connect With Me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME)

---

⭐ *If you like my work, feel free to star a repo or reach out!*

Commit message:

Revise README with new intro and remove stats
Updated personal introduction and removed GitHub stats section.

README.md, after:


# 👋 Hi, I'm Ivan Ivanov

🚀 Backend-focused developer with a passion for building **secure, scalable, and efficient systems**.  
💡 I specialize in **backend architecture and API design**, with practical experience integrating clean and efficient UIs.

---

## 🧑‍💻 About Me
- 🔭 Backend-focused developer specialized in **Java & Spring Boot**
- 🧩 Strong background in **system design** and **build & infrastructure migration**
- 🛠 Strong backend foundations with practical frontend experience (React)
- 📫 How to reach me: **ivan.valentinov.ivanov2002@gmail.com**

---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack

### 🖥 Backend
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)
![Spring Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Security-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springsecurity&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

---

### 🎨 Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

---

### 🗄 Databases & Persistence
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Hibernate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hibernate-59666C?style=for-the-badge&logo=hibernate&logoColor=white)

---

### 🧰 DevOps & Tools
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)


## 🧩 Featured Projects
<details>
<summary>🔽 Click to expand</summary>

- 🔐 **Secure REST API** – Spring Boot + Spring Security + JWT
- 📦 **Microservice Demo** – Dockerized backend services
- ⚛ **React Dashboard** – Clean UI with REST integration

</details>

---

## 🌍 Connect With Me
[![LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivan-ivanov-181513300/)
[![Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/vancovski/)

---

⭐ *If you like my work, feel free to star a repo or reach out!*
